All right.
pass
Yes, mom.
This is my gift to you.
It's a phone for the elderly.
Call me if you miss me
OK
This is good
Your child is so filial
Then lie down
You have a good rest
I'll see you again in two days.
Euro, how dare you appear in front of us?
All because of you
We were just kicked out of the banquet hall
You deserve it.
I came to visit my grandmother today
I don't want to quarrel with you.
Get out of the way and you still have the face to come to your grandma
Euro? Did you get dumped by some woman?
I want to come back and plead with grandma, so you become a downlink
You have nothing to do with the Bai family now
What about grandma?
You don't need to argue anymore
We're talking to you.
I heard it, it's alright.
Let go, he told you to let go, didn't you hear?
Ok ok who are you
Master Hou, you are really amazing
The man's words one by one
If you say one more word
Believe it or not, I'll tear your mouth apart.
Gelang regulations
There we go.